Tell us about the
inspiration for the human canvas.
I am my own canvas.
I am my art.
As we know, art imitates the living.
It feeds me.
And I was not getting enough
nourishment from the sculpture alone.
So I decided to broaden
my tastes, and it turns out I am.
Delia, where have you been?
I think I've cried
all the water out of my body.
What happened to Dad?
I just laid a table.
He is the Picasso graffiti artist.
He was tagging me like
the walls of the Paris Metro.
But now he's having a petite tantrum.
Because I had to cancel the performance.
What happened?
What? Oh.
Your father's left me.
He's divorcing you?
What a horrible thought.
No, he's dead.
What?